README.md, before:

### Hi there. 👋 I'm katestud.

I'm an engineer at github. I'm currently working on features in the Planning and Tracking space. 📝 Before I became an engineer, I did both Project and Product Management 💁‍♀️. I mostly write Ruby on Rails and am also learning Typescript and React. I also enjoy dabbling with Elixir on the side.

Very occasionally, I'll write about what I'm working on on the [GitHub Blog](https://github.blog/author/katestud/) or on [Medium](https://medium.com/@katestudwell).

When I'm not coding 👩‍💻, I enjoy dancing 👯‍♀️, traveling 🛫, learning about the quirks of language 😀, and exploring my neighborhood.

<!--
**katestud/katestud** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with technical advisor role

README.md, after:

### Hi there. 👋 I'm katestud.

I'm an engineer at github. I'm currently a Technical Advisor for the Engineering organization, working on special projects both technical and cultural. Before that, I worked on building features in the Planning and Tracking space. 📝 Before I became an engineer, I did both Project and Product Management 💁‍♀️. I mostly write Ruby on Rails and spent some time working in Typescript and React. I also enjoy dabbling with Elixir on the side.

Very occasionally, I'll write about what I'm working on on the [GitHub Blog](https://github.blog/author/katestud/) or on [Medium](https://medium.com/@katestudwell).

When I'm not coding 👩‍💻, I enjoy dancing 👯‍♀️, traveling 🛫, learning about the quirks of language 😀, and exploring my neighborhood.

<!--
**katestud/katestud** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
